I don't know why people continue
to concern themselves with
getting kids interested in STEM
field that's a mystery to me
because all kids are interested
in STEM fields the adults that
are the problems the dole to run
things to wield resources we
have political cultural economic
power
those are the ones who are
clueless not entirely clueless
but close enough to be bungling
stumbling along the way trying
to figure out what to do about
the human forces on our
environment or or any matter of
science literacy that affects us
today I'm too impatient to wait
for the eighth grader to become
old enough to run the country to
say now we have a scientifically
literate leadership adult
outnumber kids 521 kids are born
curious and they get booted out
of beaten out of him by the time
they're in high school by adults
in the first year the life
teaching them to walk and talk
the rest of the wives telling
him to shut up and sit out every
kid you've ever met for
questions that's what a
scientist is were full of
questions the kid thinks that
there exists an answer to every
one of their questions and that
you the adult have that answer
the great transition that it has
to make his realizing that not
only does the specific adult not
necessarily have all the answers
to some questions they might
pose where no adult has the
answer
who hasn't been discovered yet
these are the moments of
curiosity
we need to cherish her children
but to presume it's not there we
have to put it in them know take
another look at your kids the
task of the adults should be
stay out of the way that the
curiosity rent-free and let the
children run free while the
adults actually learn some
science closer in charge